new quickstart structure (#138)
spiffe/tornjak: docs/quickstart/README.md

</details>

> <details><summary><b> 🔴 [Click] For the Tornjak-backend + frontend sidecar implementation (if you are unsure, choose this) </b></summary>

Reviewer: maybe instead of `(if you are unsure, choose this)`, we can say (this is our default deployment) ?

Received 1 svid after 8.8537ms

SPIFFE ID:		spiffe://example.org/ns/default/sa/default
SVID Valid After:	2021-04-06 20:13:02 +0000 UTC
SVID Valid Until:	2021-04-06 21:13:12 +0000 UTC
CA #1 Valid After:	2021-04-06 20:12:20 +0000 UTC
CA #1 Valid Until:	2021-04-07 20:12:30 +0000 UTC
```

Let's verify that the `spire-server-0` pod is now started with the new image:

```terminal
$ kubectl -n spire describe pod spire-server-0 | grep "Image:"
    Image:         ghcr.io/spiffe/spire-server:1.4.4
    Image:         ghcr.io/spiffe/tornjak-be:latest
```

## Making the Tornjak Backend Accessible

The Tornjak HTTP server is running on port 10000 on the pod. This can easily be accessed by performing a local port forward using `kubectl`. This will cause the local port 10000 to proxy to the Tornjak HTTP server.

```terminal
$ kubectl -n spire port-forward spire-server-0 10000:10000
Forwarding from 127.0.0.1:10000 -> 10000
Forwarding from [::1]:10000 -> 10000
```

Open a browser to `http://localhost:10000` and you should now be able to make Tornjak API calls!

![tornjak-agent-browser](../rsrc/tornjak-agent-browser.png)

## Connecting the Tornjak UI

> Be sure that the backend is accessible at `http://localhost:10000`, as above, or you may not work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that the backend is accessible at `http://localhost:10000`, as above, otherwise it will not work
```

clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/spire-agent-cluster-role created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/spire-agent-cluster-role-binding created
configmap/spire-agent created
daemonset.apps/spire-agent created
```

```
kubectl get daemonset --namespace spire
```

```
NAME          DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   NODE SELECTOR   AGE
spire-agent   1         1         1       1            1           <none>          19s

```

Then, we can create a registration entry for the node. 

```
kubectl exec -n spire -c spire-server spire-server-0 -- \
    /opt/spire/bin/spire-server entry create \
    -spiffeID spiffe://example.org/ns/spire/sa/spire-agent \
    -selector k8s_sat:cluster:demo-cluster \
    -selector k8s_sat:agent_ns:spire \
    -selector k8s_sat:agent_sa:spire-agent \
    -node
```

```
Entry ID         : 03d0ec2b-54b7-4340-a0b9-d3b2cf1b041a
SPIFFE ID        : spiffe://example.org/ns/spire/sa/spire-agent
Parent ID        : spiffe://example.org/spire/server
Revision         : 0
TTL              : default
Selector         : k8s_sat:agent_ns:spire
Selector         : k8s_sat:agent_sa:spire-agent
Selector         : k8s_sat:cluster:demo-cluster
```

> And finally we create a registration workload for the workload, specifying the workload's SPIFFE ID:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And we create a registration workload for the workload, specifying the workload's SPIFFE ID:
```

Author: done

```
kubectl exec -n spire -c spire-server spire-server-0 -- \
    /opt/spire/bin/spire-server entry create \
    -spiffeID spiffe://example.org/ns/default/sa/default \
    -parentID spiffe://example.org/ns/spire/sa/spire-agent \
    -selector k8s:ns:default \
    -selector k8s:sa:default
```

```
Entry ID         : 11a367ab-7095-4390-ab89-34dea5fddd61
SPIFFE ID        : spiffe://example.org/ns/default/sa/default
Parent ID        : spiffe://example.org/ns/spire/sa/spire-agent
Revision         : 0
TTL              : default
Selector         : k8s:ns:default
Selector         : k8s:sa:default
```

> Finally, here we configure a workload container: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, here we deploy a workload container: 
```

Author: done

   -l app=client)  -- /opt/spire/bin/spire-agent api fetch -socketPath /run/spire/sockets/agent.sock
```

```
Received 1 svid after 8.8537ms

SPIFFE ID:		spiffe://example.org/ns/default/sa/default
SVID Valid After:	2021-04-06 20:13:02 +0000 UTC
SVID Valid Until:	2021-04-06 21:13:12 +0000 UTC
CA #1 Valid After:	2021-04-06 20:12:20 +0000 UTC
CA #1 Valid Until:	2021-04-07 20:12:30 +0000 UTC
```

Let's verify that the `spire-server-0` pod is now started with the new image:

```terminal
kubectl -n spire describe pod spire-server-0 | grep "Image:"
```

Should yield two lines:

```
    Image:         ghcr.io/spiffe/spire-server:1.4.4
    Image:         ghcr.io/spiffe/tornjak-be:latest
```

## Step 3: Configuring Access to Tornjak

The Tornjak HTTP server is running on port 10000 on the pod. This can easily be accessed by performing a local port forward using `kubectl`. This will cause the local port 10000 to proxy to the Tornjak HTTP server.

```terminal
kubectl -n spire port-forward spire-server-0 10000:10000
```

You'll see something that hangs like this:

```
Forwarding from 127.0.0.1:10000 -> 10000
Forwarding from [::1]:10000 -> 10000
```

> Open a browser to `http://localhost:10000/api/tornjak/serverinfo` and you should now be able to make Tornjak API calls!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's test the access to Tornjak backend application.
Open a browser and go to: 
`http://localhost:10000/api/tornjak/serverinfo` 
This output represents the backend response. 
Now you should be able to make Tornjak API calls!
```
